Update migrating guide and readme. (#483)
okta/okta-sdk-dotnet: MIGRATING.md

This library uses semantic versioning and follows Okta's [library version policy](https://developer.okta.com/code/library-versions/). In short, we don't make breaking changes unless the major version changes!

## Migrating from 4.x to 5.x

> In previous versions, null resource properties would result in a resource object with all its properties set to `null`. Now, null resource properties would result in `null` property value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions, null resource properties would result in a resource object with all its properties set to `null`. Now, null resource properties will result in `null` property value.
```

_Before:_

```
{                                                 deserializedResource.Prop1.Should().Be("Hello World!");          
    prop1 : "Hello World!",         =>            deserializedResource.NestedObject.Should().NotBeNull();
    nestedObject: null                            deserializedResource.NestedObject.Prop1.Should().BeNull();
}

```

_Now:_

```
{                                                 deserializedResource.Prop1.Should().Be("Hello World!");          
    prop1 : "Hello World!",         =>            deserializedResource.NestedObject.Should().BeNull();
    nestedObject: null                            
}

```

> Since this is a breaking change in the default behavior, Okta.Sdk was published with version numbers starting from 5.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this is a breaking change in the default behavior, the major version of Okta.Sdk was incremented to 5; the latest version is now 5.0.0.
```
